# Problemset 10, a todo application in Smalltalk #

Your boss at ACME Inc. is more than pleased with your Ursuppe game. However, he noticed that whenever he asks you to do a number of things, it's cumbersome for him to remember what exactly it is he asked, when checking your solution. So he asks you to write a to do application. Since it's just for you and him, there aren't any users, no login, nothing, just a website with todos, and a button to add new ones. He asks you to do it in Seaside for Pharo, because he read at the hairdressers that the cool kids from today have had a look at Seaside.

From the hairdresser's, he clipped out the following set of instructions:

- Run Seaside.app, a window appears.
- Open <http://localhost:8080> in your web browser.
- In the web browser, you're offered to create a new component. nter "Todo" as a component name, and click create.
- You're now queried for your first name and last name. Enter them in the web browser.
- Now your component should be active under <http://localhost:8080/Todo>.
- Go back to the Seaside Window.
- In the system browser window inside the Seaside window, scroll down to the category "Seaside-User-Examples in the left-most pane."
- Find the class "Todo" there.
- Click it and look at the renderContentOn: method.
- Start from that method. Modify it, add more classes, and create a todo list application
- To save your work, in the Seaside window, click "Save and quit" in the menu that comes up when you click on empty space. When re-opening Seaside, you'll be exactly where you left off.

Your todo list application should at least allow viewing all tasks, and adding new tasks.
